welcome to the skate park and I'm your
manager today John Cena yay
please hold your applause hold them
sorry
yeah has my first time skateboarding so
I've got an email board look at it it's
black yeah though I think I'm pretty
good but I don't know oh okay Stevie you
can go first
yay ah
that was pretty awesome I have to say
this gnarly dude okay already you stop
hey CNS since I'm like skater check now
can you give me a cool name like Vicky
sure whatever
okay ready I'm gonna grind everyone
watch this ow
you know you landed on my lap ready
everybody one two hey you know we're
over here oh yeah that's true
all right wow I landed pretty far away
okay everybody it's time to neck
stretching this jump what's right um
collar is through sort of forgot about
me
let's go Eddie my turn
hey guys you forgot about me Oh gnarly
here we go ready every day it's your
turn I don't feel so good I think I have
ready Stevie yeah Mike the best skater
here here I go Wow all right this is the
biggest jump of them all you need the
bravest person here it's no other than
called the biggest jump of all
so yeah it's big you know someone had
bad gas sorry right to go cars you
totally forgot about me because I want
to make big jump trust me you don't want
to be over here
RVD just dumped one alright so Shelton
you think we got the guts of course I do
sorry I had to rip that one whatever
alright let's do the big jump girl
Shelton yeah go Shelton go Shelton sorry
aren't even afraid to see him splat look
at this it's not even bloody nobody's
even tried to do it the nervous for
Shelton poor guys we just left him
behind the whole time did I go
Oh